update(pol): polish faqs (#142)
0xPolygon/wiki: docs/pos/assets/pol.md

### What is POL?

> POL is native token upgrade for the Polygon ecosystem, designed to support a wide range of activities and purposes, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POL is the native token upgrade for the Polygon ecosystem, designed to support a wide range of activities and purposes, 
```

including being used as a tool for network participation and security. By staking POL, participants can actively contribute 

> to the ecosystem as validators. Importantly, POL has many of the and features as MATIC, is built on OpenZeppelin's ERC20 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the ecosystem as validators. Importantly, POL has as many features as MATIC; it is built on OpenZeppelin's ERC20 
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/0xPolygon/wiki/pull/142/commits/9f0753f2ba481cfb2a2845e1d1dfd388ef092031

## Bridging Mechanisms

### How Does the Modified Plasma Bridge Function?

> The Plasma Bridge will undergo modifications, with community approval, to change the native of Polygon PoS to the new POL token. Specifically, the following changes are being proposed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Plasma Bridge will undergo modifications, with community approval, to change the native token of Polygon PoS to the new POL token. Specifically, the following changes are being proposed:
```
